# US 7.2.5

## 1. Context

The context of this US is to search for medical conditions and filter by code or designation, so it is easier for the doctor to update/add a medical condition entry into the medical record.
This user story belongs to the Backoffice Web Application module.

## 2. Requirements

### 2.1. User Story Description

- **US 7.2.5** As a Doctor, I want to search for Medical Conditions, so that I can use it to update the Patient Medical Record.

### 2.2. Customer Specifications and Clarifications

> Question 1
>
> Q: What do you define as Medical Condition? Is it an allergy?
>
> A: They are two different things. A Medical Condition represents a diagnosed health issue or disease. Examples: Diabetes, Hypertension, Asthma, etc.
>
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33130

> Question 2 
>
> Q: Earlier, you said the medical condition needed a code. Is this code automatic or is writen by the admin?
>
> A: It must conform with the classficiation system you select, for instance, SNOMED CT (Systematized Nomenclature of Medicine - Clinical Terms) or ICD-11 (International Classification of Diseases, 11th Revision)

> Question 3 - Esclarecimento sobre requisitos de backoffice
>
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33348

> Question 4
>
> Q: Gostaria de lhe perguntar se existe alguma lista de medical conditions que prefere que utilizemos no sistema por default, se sim, quais? Também gostariamos de perguntar se quando diz "I want to search for Medical Conditions, so that I can use it to update the Patient Medical Record" o que é que implica a ultima parte?
>
> A: default medical conditions (ICD-11):
> * A04.0 Cholera
> * A08.0: Rotavirus enteritis
> * B20: Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) disease
> * B50: Plasmodium falciparum malaria
> * 2A20.0: Malignant neoplasm of lung
> * 2F44.0: Malignant neoplasm of the breast
> * 3A01.1: Iron deficiency anemia
> * 4A44: Hereditary hemochromatosis
> * 5A11: Type 1 diabetes mellitus
> * 5B55: Obesity
> * 6A80: Major depressive disorder
> * 6C40: Generalized anxiety disorder
> * FB20.1: Osteoporosis with pathological fracture
> * FB81.1: Osteoarthritis of the knee
> * FB81.2: Osteoarthritis of the hip
> * FB80.1: Rheumatoid arthritis
> * FA24.0: Fracture of femur
> * FA22.0: Fracture of radius and ulna
> * FA21.0: Dislocation of shoulder
> * FB70.0: Low back pain
>
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33180

> Question 5
> 
> Q: Dear client, Regarding User Story 7.2.5, we would like to confirm how the search for medical conditions should work. Should the search return all registered medical conditions, or should it allow filtering based on a specific parameter? If it’s based on a parameter, could you specify which one?
>
> A: This requirement is related to the adding/updating of an medical condition entry in the medical record. Thus, when the doctor is adding or editing a medical condition entry, they must be able to search for medical condition by code or designation instead of entering the "id" directly or selecting it from a drop down.
> 
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33376

### 2.3 Acceptance Criteria

1. It is possible to filter by code and designation.

### 2.5. Dependencies/References

* *US 7.2.4* As an Admin, I want to add new Medical Condition.

### 2.6. Input and Output Data

***Input Data:***
* Typed data:
    * code
    * designation

***Output Data:***
* List of medical conditions

### 4.2. Tests

**Backend Node Tests:**

* Unit tests are found in tests folder.

**Frontend Unit Tests:**

* Unit tests are found in medical-conditions-allergies/manage-medical-conditions folder.

**Backend E2E Tests:**

* E2E tests were performed in postman.

**Frontend E2E Tests:**

* E2E tests were performed in cypress folder.