# US 7.2.5

## 1. Context

The context of this US is to update a designation or description of a medical condition.

This user story belongs to the Backoffice Web Application module.

## 2. Requirements

### 2.1. User Story Description

**US 7.2.17** As an Admin, I want to update a medical condition.

### 2.2. Customer Specifications and Clarifications

> Question 1
>
> Q: What do you define as Medical Condition? Is it an allergy?
>
> A: They are two different things. A Medical Condition represents a diagnosed health issue or disease. Examples: Diabetes, Hypertension, Asthma, etc.
>
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33130

> Question 2 - Esclarecimento sobre requisitos de backoffice
>
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33348

> Question 3 
>
> Q: Dear client, 
> Regarding User Story 7.2.17, we would like to clarify the requirements for updating a medical condition. Could you please confirm which parameters the admin should be allowed to modify in this process?
> 
> A: it is possible to update the designation (to fix a typo for instance) and the description.
> 
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33394

### 2.3 Acceptance Criteria

1. Admins can only update the designation (to fix a typo for instance) and the description.

### 2.5. Dependencies/References

US 7.2.4 As an Admin, I want to add new Medical Condition.

### 2.6. Input and Output Data

***Input Data:***
* Typed data:
  * Designation/Name
  * Description

***Output Data:***
* Medical condition(s) updated or insuccess

### 4.2. Tests

**Backend Node Tests:**

* Unit tests are found in tests folder.

**Frontend Unit Tests:**

* Unit tests are found in medical-conditions-allergies/manage-medical-conditions folder.

**Backend E2E Tests:**

* E2E tests were performed in postman.

**Frontend E2E Tests:**

* E2E tests were performed in cypress folder.