# US 7.2.4

## 1. Context

The context of this US is to add a new Medical condition to the system, so that Doctors can use it to update the Patient Medical Record.

This user story belongs to the Backoffice Web Application module.

## 2. Requirements

### 2.1. User Story Description

- **US 7.2.4** As an Admin, I want to add new Medical Condition.

### 2.2. Customer Specifications and Clarifications

> Question 1
>
> Q: What do you define as Medical Condition? Is it an allergy?
>
> A: They are two different things. A Medical Condition represents a diagnosed health issue or disease. Examples: Diabetes, Hypertension, Asthma, etc.
>
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33130

> Question 2
>
> Q: The medical condition consist in what? Just a name or are there more fields?
>
> A: It consists of a code (for example following ICD (International Classification of Diseases)), a designation and a longer description as well a list of common symptoms
>
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33099

> Question 3
>
> Q: Earlier, you said the medical condition needed a code. Is this code automatic or is writen by the admin?
>
> A: It must conform with the classficiation system you select, for instance, SNOMED CT (Systematized Nomenclature of Medicine - Clinical Terms) or ICD-11 (International Classification of Diseases, 11th Revision)
>
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33138

> Question 4 - Esclarecimento sobre requisitos de backoffice
> 
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33348

> Question 7 
> 
> Q: Hello,
What are the symptoms for a medical record? Are they a list already present in the system, and when creating the medical record, do you select the symptoms? If yes, what happens when a disease has a symptom that is not in that list? Who creates it in the system?
Thank you.
> 
> A: symptoms are free text
> 
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33268

### 2.3 Acceptance Criteria

1. The Medical condition code must conform with the classficiation system you select, for instance, SNOMED CT (Systematized Nomenclature of Medicine - Clinical Terms) or ICD-11 (International Classification of Diseases, 11th Revision).

### 2.5. Dependencies/References

* US 7.2.1 As Software Architect, I want to adopt a decentralized architecture of the
  backoffice module, so that it is composed of the existing SPA frontend and the
  .Net backend, and a new module responsible for managing, namely, Patient’s
  Medical Records, Allergies and Medical Conditions. This module must be
  implemented in Node.js, Express and MongoDB SGBD.

### 2.6. Input and Output Data

***Input Data:***
* Typed data: 
    * Code
    * Designation/Name
    * Description
    * Common symptoms
  
***Output Data:***
* Medical condition(s) created or insuccess

### 4.2. Tests

**Backend Node Tests:**

* Unit tests are found in tests folder.

**Frontend Unit Tests:**

* Unit tests are found in medical-conditions-allergies/manage-medical-conditions folder.

**Backend E2E Tests:** 

* E2E tests were performed in postman.

**Frontend E2E Tests:**

* E2E tests were performed in cypress folder.
