# US 7.2.3

## 1. Context

The context of this US is to search for allergies and filter by code or designation, so it is easier for the doctor to update/add a medical condition entry into the medical record.
This user story belongs to the Backoffice Web Application module.

## 2. Requirements

### 2.1. User Story Description

- **US 7.2.3** As a Doctor, I want to search for Allergies, so that I can use it to update the Patient Medical Record.

### 2.2. Customer Specifications and Clarifications

> Question 1 - Esclarecimento sobre requisitos de backoffice
>
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33348

> Question 2
>
> Q: Gostariamos de lhe perguntar se existe alguma lista de alergias que prefere que utilizemos no sistema por default, se sim, quais?
>
> Considerem a seguinte lista exemplo de alergias:
> 1. Peanut Allergy
> 2. Shellfish Allergy (e.g., shrimp, lobster)
> 3. Milk Allergy (Dairy products)
> 4. Egg Allergy
> 5. Tree Nut Allergy (e.g., almonds, walnuts)
> 6. Wheat Allergy
> 7. Penicillin Allergy
> 8. Sulfa Drugs Allergy (e.g., sulfamethoxazole)
> 9. Aspirin Allergy
> 10. Local Anesthetics Allergy (e.g., Lidocaine)
> 11. Pollen Allergy (e.g., grass, ragweed)
> 12. Dust Mite Allergy
> 13. Mold Allergy
> 14. Cat Dander Allergy
> 15. Dog Dander Allergy
> 16. Latex Allergy
> 17. Nickel Allergy (common in jewelry or metal objects)
> 18. Bee Sting Allergy
> 19. Fire Ant Sting Allergy
> 20. Perfume Allergy (fragrance sensitivity)
>
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33090

> Question 3
>
> Q: Também gostariamos de perguntar se quando diz "I want to search for Allergies, so that I can use it to update the Patient Medical Record" o que é que implica a ultima parte? Que a procura é feita para adicionar imediatamente ao perfil de paciente ou se é apenas uma procura feita para ir buscar a informação sobre uma alergia por exemplo?
>
> A: This requirement is related to the adding/updating of an allergy entry in the medical record. Thus, when the doctor is adding or editing an allergy entry, they must be able to search for allergies by code or designation instead of entering the "id" directly or selecting it from a drop down.
>
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33090

> Question 4
> 
> Q: Dear client, Regarding User Story 7.2.3, we would like to confirm how the allergy search functionality should operate. Should the search return all registered allergies, or should it allow searching based on a specific parameter? If it’s based on a parameter, could you specify which one?
>
> A: This requirement is related to the adding/updating of an allergy entry in the medical record. Thus, when the doctor is adding or editing an allergy entry, they must be able to search for allergies by code or designation instead of entering the "id" directly or selecting it from a drop down.
> 
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33375

### 2.3 Acceptance Criteria

1. It is possible to filter by code and designation.

### 2.5. Dependencies/References

* *US 7.2.4* As an Admin, I want to add new allergy.

### 2.6. Input and Output Data

***Input Data:***
* Typed data:
    * code
    * designation

***Output Data:***
* List of allergies

