# US 7.2.2

## 1. Context

The context of this US is to add a new Allergy to the system, so that Doctors can use it to update the Patient Medical Record.

This user story belongs to the Backoffice Web Application module.

## 2. Requirements

### 2.1. User Story Description

- **US 7.2.2** As an Admin, I want to add new Allergy.

### 2.2. Customer Specifications and Clarifications

> Question 1
>
> Q: What information is to be known in an Allergy? Like designation, and anything more?
>
> A: It consists of a code (for instance, SNOMED CT (Systematized Nomenclature of Medicine - Clinical Terms) or 
ICD-11 (International Classification of Diseases, 11th Revision)), a designation and an optional longer description
>
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33123

> Question 2
>
> Q: Earlier, you said the medical condition needed a code. Is this code automatic or is writen by the admin?
>
> A: It must conform with the classficiation system you select, for instance, SNOMED CT (Systematized Nomenclature of Medicine - Clinical Terms) or ICD-11 (International Classification of Diseases, 11th Revision)
>
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33138

> Question 3 - Esclarecimento sobre requisitos de backoffice
> 
> https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=33348


### 2.3 Acceptance Criteria

1. The Allergy code must conform with the classficiation system you select, for instance, SNOMED CT (Systematized Nomenclature of Medicine - Clinical Terms) or ICD-11 (International Classification of Diseases, 11th Revision).

### 2.5. Dependencies/References

* US 7.2.1 As Software Architect, I want to adopt a decentralized architecture of the
  backoffice module, so that it is composed of the existing SPA frontend and the
  .Net backend, and a new module responsible for managing, namely, Patient’s
  Medical Records, Allergies and Medical Conditions. This module must be
  implemented in Node.js, Express and MongoDB SGBD.

### 2.6. Input and Output Data

***Input Data:***
* Typed data: 
    * Code
    * Designation/Name
    * Description
  
***Output Data:***
* Allergy(s) created success or insuccess
